---
layout: post
title: Hash Functions
---

# One-Way/Collision-Resistant Hash Functions

## Based on General Lattices

* [Ajt96-STOC] M. Ajtai. &ldquo;Generating hard instances of lattice problems.&rdquo; (STOC 1996, ECCC TR96-007)
    * One-way functions based on the worst-case hardness of SVP_{poly(n)}, poly(n)-uSVP, and SIVP_{poly(n)}.
* [GGH96-ECCC] O. Goldreich, S. Goldwasser, and S. Halevi. &ldquo;Collision-free hashing from lattice problems.&rdquo; (ECCC TR96-042)
    * The Ajtai function is collision resistant under the same assumption.
* [CN97-FOCS] J.-Y. Cai and A. Nerurkar. &ldquo;An improved worst-case to average-case connection for lattice problems.&rdquo; (FOCS 1997)
    * Improving the approximation factor up to O~(n^{4+\epsilon})
* [Cai99-CCC] J.-Y. Cai. &ldquo;A new transference theorem in the geometry of numbers and new bounds for Ajtai's connection factor.&rdquo; (CCC 1999, Discrete Applied Mathematics 2003)
    * Improving the approximation factor of the assumption.
* [Mic02-STOC] D. Micciancio. &ldquo;Improved cryptographic hash functions with worst-case/average-case connection.&rdquo; (STOC 2002, CCC 2002)
* [Mic04-SIAMJComp] D. Micciancio. &ldquo;Almost perfect lattices, the covering radius problem, and applications to Ajtai's connection factor.&rdquo; (SIAM J. on Comp. 2004)
    * Improving the approximation factor up to O~(n^3).
* [MR04-FOCS] D. Micciancio and O. Regev. &ldquo;Worst-case to average-case reduction based on Gaussian measures.&rdquo; (FOCS 2004, SIAM J. on Comp. 2007)
    * Based on GapSVP, SIVP, CRP, or GDD with approximation factor O~(n).
* [Pei07-CCC] C. Peikert. &ldquo;Limits on the hardness of lattice problems in l_{p} norms.&rdquo; (CCC 2007, ECCC 2007)
    * Based on GapSVP, SIVP, CRP, or GDD with approximation factor O~(n) in l_p norm.
* [GPV08-STOC] C. Gentry, C. Peikert, and V. Vaikuntanathan. &ldquo;Trapdoors for hard lattices and new cryptographic constructions.&rdquo; (STOC 2008, ePrint 2007/432)
    * Slightly tighter reduction. The parameter q can be set to O~(n).


## Based on Cyclic/Ideal Lattices

* [Mic02-FOCS] D. Micciancio. &ldquo;Generalized compact knapsacks, cyclic lattices, and efficient one-way functions from worst-case complexity assumptions.&rdquo; (FOCS 2002, Computational Complexity, Vol. 16, No. 4, 2007)
    * One-way functions based on Cyclic-SVP with approximation factor O~(n^3). In the newer version, with approximation factor O~(n)
* [PR06-TCC] C. Peikert and A. Rosen. &ldquo;Efficient collision-resistant hashing from worst-case assumptions on cyclic lattices&rdquo; (TCC 2006)
    * The variants of M02 is collision resistant under almost same assumption.
* [LM06-ICALP] V. Lyubashevsky and D. Micciancio. &ldquo;Generalized compact knapsacks are collision resistant.&rdquo; (ICALP 2006, ECCC 2005)
    * Collision-resistant functions based on Ideal-SVP with approximation factor O~(n)
* [LMPR08-FSE] V. Lyubashevsky, D. Micciancio, C. Peikert, and A. Rosen. &ldquo;SWIFFT: a modest proposal for FFT hashing.&rdquo; (NIST 2nd Hash Workshop, FSE 2008)
* [ADL+08] Y. Arbitman, G. Dogon, V. Lyubashevsky, D. Micciancio, C. Peikert, and A. Rosen &ldquo;SWIFFTX: A Proposal for the SHA-3 Standard.&rdquo;
* [BL09-INDOCRYPT] J. Buchmann and R. Lindner. &ldquo;Secure Parameters for SWIFFT.&rdquo; (INDOCRYPT 2009, http://eprint.iacr.org/2008/493)

## Based on NTRU Lattices

* [SS10-EC] Damien Stehlé, Ron Steinfeld: Making NTRU as Secure as Worst-Case Problems over Ideal Lattices. EUROCRYPT 2011
