---
layout: posts
title: Tmp.
---


In the area of RFIDs, I found several papers employing NTRU.

* [] Wulu Li: A key exchange scheme based on lattice. DASC 2013, pp.100-106.
    *  http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpls/abs_all.jsp?arnumber=6844345&tag=1
    *  An attack on KE proposed by Ding and Lin (ePrint 2012/688)

* [Zhang13-AMM] Guo Yan Zhang: Fuzzy Certificateless Identity-Based Encryption Protocol from Lattice.  2013, Applied Mechanics and Materials, 380-384, 2262.
    *  http://www.scientific.net/AMM.380-384.2262
* [CWX13-IEEEIT] X.-W. Chang, J. Wen, and X. Xie: Effects of the LLL Reduction on the Success Probability of the Babai Point and on the Complexity of Sphere Decoding. IEEE Trans. on Info. Theo. http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/articleDetails.jsp?reload=true&arnumber=6544661
* [THY13-] Miaomiao Tian, Liusheng Huang, and Wei Yang:  Efficient hierarchical identity?based signatures from lattices. International Journal of Electronic Security and Digital Forensics. Volume 5, Number 1/2013, pp.1-10.
* [WWL12-ICCSNT] Ting Wu, Hui Wang, and You-Ping Liu: Optimizations of Brakerski's fully homomorphic encryption scheme. ICCSNT 2012
2012
* [NHKJ12-IEEEComLetters]Geontae Noh, Dowon Hong, Jeong Ok Kwon, and Ik Rae Jeong: A Strong Binding Encryption Scheme from Lattices for Secret Broadcast. (IEEE Communications Letters, Vol. 16, Issue 6, June 2012, pp.781    * 784)
* [KHJ13-JCN]  Kee Sung Kim, Dowon Hong, Ik Rae Jeong: Identity-based proxy signature from lattices. Journal of Communications and Networks, 2013, Vol. 15, No. 1. 1    * 7
* [THX13-SCIS] ChengLiang Tian, LiDong Han, GuangWu Xu: A polynomial time algorithm for GapCVPP in $l_1$ norm. Science China Information Sciences, March 2013.
    *  http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11432-013-4795-8
* [CPWLTXW13-TCS] Wenbin Chena, Lingxi Penga, Jianxiong Wanga, Fufang Lia, Maobin Tanga, Wei Xionga, and Songtao Wangd: Inapproximability results for the minimum integral solution problem with preprocessing over $\ell_{\infty}$ norm. Theoretical Computer Science, Accepted manuscripts, 2013
    * http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S030439751300090X
* [Gal12-???] Steven D. Galbraith. &ldquo;Space-efficient variants of cryptosystems based on learning with errors.&rdquo;
* [CJZZ09-WTCS] Gu Chunsheng, Gu Jixing, Jing Zhengjun and Yu Zhiming. &ldquo;Signature from the Exponential Hard Lattices.&rdquo; (WTCS 2009)
* [DL12-AEF] Wei Deng and Qi Luo. &ldquo;A Latticed-Based Public Key Encryption with KDM Security from R-LWE.&rdquo; (Advanced Engineering Forum, vol. 6-7, 398-403, 2012)
    * http://www.scientific.net/AEF.6-7.398
* [TH12-IJNS] Miaomiao Tian and Liusheng Huang. &ldquo;Breaking A Proxy Signature Scheme From Lattices.&rdquo; (LETTER International Journal of Network Security, Vol.14, No.6, PP.320-323, Nov. 2012)
* [WW12-ICCIS] Chen Wang and Huaixi Wang. &ldquo;A New Ring Signature Scheme from NTRU Lattice.&rdquo; (ICCIS 2012)
* [WHW12-MJCS] Fenghe Wang, Yupu Hu, Baocang Wang. &ldquo;Lattice-based strong designate verifier signature and its applications.&rdquo; (Malaysian Journal of Computer Science.  Vol. 25(1), 2012)
* [THY12-IJNS] Miaomiao Tian, Liusheng Huang, and Wei Yang. &ldquo;A New Hierarchical Identity-based Signature Scheme From Lattices In The Standard Model.&rdquo; (International Journal of Network Security, Vol.14, No.6, PP.310-315, Nov. 2012)
* [XF12-ICADE] Wei Xu and Dan Feng. &ldquo;Public verifiable proof of storage protocol from lattice assumption.&rdquo; (ICADE 2012)
* [CPB12-MIST] Kunwar Singh, Chandrasekaran Pandurangan and A.K. Banerjee. &ldquo;Lattice Forward-Secure Identity Based Encryption Scheme.&rdquo; (MIST 2012)
    *  http://isyou.info/conf/mist12/program.html
* [Ding12-eP] Jintai Ding: New cryptographic constructions using generalized learning with errors problem. [[ePrint 2012/387:http://eprint.iacr.org/2012/387]]
* [DS12-eP] Jintai Ding and Dieter Schmidt: Algebraic attack on lattice based cryptosystems via solving equations over real numbers. [[ePrint 2012/094:http://eprint.iacr.org/2012/094]]
* [MbV12-IJCNS]  Sonia Mihaela Bogos, Serge Vaudenay: Cryptanalysis of the Double-Moduli Cryptosystem. (IJCNS. Vol.5 No.12, December 2012)
    *  An attack on NTRU-like Enc proposed by Verkhovsky (IJCNS, Vol.4, No. 7, 2011).
* [NYS12-ISITA] Ken Naganuma, Masayuki Yoshino, Hisayoshi Sato: Upper bound of the shortest vector coefficients and its applications. (ISITA 2012)
* [AIK11-FOCS] Benny Applebaum, Yuval Ishai, Eyal Kushilevitz. How to Garble Arithmetic Circuits. (FOCS 2011)
    *  Decomposable Affine randomzied encoding from LWE
* [WWH13-ANIS] Fenghe Wang; Chunxiao Wang; Yupu Hu: Efficient Chosen-Ciphtertext Secure Public Key Encryption Scheme From Lattice Assumption (Applied Mathematics & Information Sciences;2014, Vol. 8 Issue 2, p633)



# Incorrect Papers


* [JYZ13-CCIS] Bai Jian, Yang Yatao, Li Zechen: Improved Homomorphic String Bits Encryption Public-Key Cryptosystem based on LWE (CCIS 2013)
    *  Inconsistent. How should we encrypt? How should we decrypt? How do you get an example in p.357? 
* [GTZ13-AsiaJCIS] D. J. Guan, Chen-Yu Tsai, and E. S. Zhuang: Detect Zero by Using Symmetric Homomorphic Encryption. (Asia JCIS 2013)
    *  The scheme seems secure. But, one of new assumptions does not hold...
* [NS13-eP] Hemlata Nagesh and Birendra Kumar Sharma: New Lattice Based Signature Using The Jordan Normal Form. [[eprint 2013/133:http://eprint.iacr.org/2013/133]]
    *  The authors employed the Jordan Normal Form in the GGH type signature scheme.
    *  Let R be a good basis, which is a secret key, and B be a bad basis, which is a public key.
    *  GGH: B = randomize(R), Micciancio: B = HNF(R), This paper: B = JNF(R).
    *  Since we have Λ(B) =Λ(JNF(R)) ≠ Λ(R), one cannot verify the signature.
* [Ras13-eP] Roohallah Rastaghi: URDP: General Framework for Direct CCA2 Security from any Lattice-Based PKE Scheme.  [[ePrint 2013/106:http://eprint.iacr.org/2013/106]]
    *  There is a simple chosen-ciphertext attack.
* [ZS12-IST] Mohammad Zaheri and Babak Sadeghiyan: Identity-based signatures from lattices. IST 2012.
    *  2013/03/28: There's nothing to check on the length of components of signatures, s and r.
* [WHZW12-ICNIDC] Yanfang Wu, Zheng Huang, Jie Zhang, Qiaoyan Wen: A Lattice-Based Digital Signature from the Ring-LWE. (IC-NIDC 2012)
    *  no proof. insecure.
	* Verification checks au = b(H(m)+v) mod t. It is easy to make (u,v) satisfying this equation as follows: choose v in R_q, compute u = b(H(m)+v)/a mod t and port u into R_q.


# Plagiarization? [#a5eadd89]

* [ZGZ14-TST]  Jian Zhao, Haiying Gao, Junqi Zhang: Attribute-Based Encryption for circuits on lattices (Tsinghua Science and Technology  (Volume:19, Issue: 5))
    *  http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/TST.2014.6919822
    *  The idea and construction are the same as [GVW13-STOC], although the authors referred to [GVW13-STOC]
